we got it oh you got hit correcto some
guys here turn school I'm welcome
without the hind feel right now Joe
Johnson out of butter Ray Lewis do this
money chalet turkeys University this
emotional my balls all over universe and
areas with a beautiful state university
but not Pollock the Boilermakers hey Lou
you kid wins Ross back pick up all of
them sorry about those Arizona State
guys second down its 18 yard line
scissors
it'll be third down and seven
hey the first things you have to do is
get son's blocked on the outside one of
the top tight ends in the game Heath
Miller handles that part of it and now
is this in a very firm helped get me
lending home is their first ride a
little bit there one
my wife receivers in the backfield
nothing yet it comes out and they say
you know ok we're going to say that
achievement and reward hit the ground
pick there by whatever they're facing
each other for the 20 or the catcher my
eggs heading that award is now / who
hate him I want to say it right Louis we
go already Ned was defined so many these
matchups with build options right when
it gets that read a few years ago a ray
lewis returning the favor hello that's
right try to help might be one thing to
look at oh go fuck yourself every with
the Susie up Seaver at that should be
fine nampalli good fucking go games with
the Stars now that's nearing the end of
his career and he's a word of that
obviously is making the transition and I
stood obviously come out of the game
here after making the catch a little bit
shorter than I am gonna whistle stills
no fun also- well now and then we see
his head in the manual San tanco under
dad last week and he went back to Texas
he is back in town tonight but not in
uniform so the war has become a love it
and seniors he's on it you tonight love
it come on question helmet
helmet and that's what did the damage
there the ball right way I'll pay that
phone afterwards game cares who paid 125
thousand thousand five last year so that
is good as well we're doing and
everything and the demolition derby to
do it so their agent means I could go
later in this situation decided to pack
so it leads to look at to go for okay
their smiling faces rather than him
teach a large want to see what that
defense would look like and then the
Ravens were also going to challenge the
reception so before he could even call
the time that's what he wanted to do it
some more he dropped the ball may want
to challenge whether it was a catch and
here's what Coleman Baltimore is
challenging the ruling on the field I'm
a completed pic right cuz you ain't got
a completely brain and then can play
daddy lush ahead they have to lose on
Thank You melody how the am possession
the newest member of a prius family has
the space of a small SUV and the fuel
efficiency of a Prius the all-new Prius
V for toyota prius more possibilities
hey I'm looking at merion let's get her
done before you think oh hey oh hey I'll
take a 15 grand fine all right yeah it's
not Thanksgiving without the same speed
ahead good crease right the drumsticks
you know they did 50 you see how bored
one from real turkey you think in danger
sorry Thanksgiving everyone he wasn't
your question thanks again total
courtesy right know it from idea to
research to trade no you can't in the
shop I think our the real-time strip
hitting it if he ain't shook your
investments every day but every minute
our container for a long name but you
know what it's got you know a logical
man in throat injuries I are powerful
mobile app it's another record collector
I actually more like an insult danger
black lab will engage if itís on
Christmas shock and awe with the Taliban
man that's the essence of what the voice
is all right you bear down your hands so
far gone is channeling right that fly to
last an award was down half control hit
the ground whistle sounds take another
look at me for missing & Watch says it
going to the grounds he up to maintain
control all the way to the ground he had
it yeah there it is now that the tip of
baby animals it I mean we're Pittsburgh
there's the roof so you're a historic
Center got eligible for sure could make
the argument he didn't complete the
process of the catch get the the angle
from the other one and he may look like
he did and then collars him dan talked
it out don't talk to me as legs i will
drive up to write english course my
jungle have an issue why you'll savor it
not maintain possession going cock cork
sucking asshole I saw that you are